How do you kill a demon inside you, without killing yourself? This is just one of the questions taunts me every day. It’s utterly hard ¬to believe that the innocent, juvenile girl that once existed within me wanted to grow up so fast. It is almost impossible to understand why the once innocent child had practically forced herself into the strenuous world of adulthood. She hadn’t anticipated that the end result wouldn’t be pretty pink flowers, fairies and princesses and that she would be stuck beneath herself; lost in her twisted dark mind. As I get older, I feel emptier inside. I try to tell myself, “You’re not alone," but when I get in bed at night my sadness envelopes me like my blanket and my head rests on thoughts of the demons that are held inside of me, instead of my pillow. My chest feels painfully weighed down, as if I were lying under my mattress rather than on top of it. I fear having kept my emotions bottled up has caused me to push everything that I once loved away. I sit up and take a look around the room. Despite being densely furnished, it lacks any warmth and reminds me just how alone I am. The only person who cares is me. The only person who understands is me. I am totally alone. 

*Flashback*

 “Oh, my god, I’m so sorry.” I apologized to a small fragile figure that collapsed in front of me. “I didn’t see you there, are you alright?” I reached my hand out to help him up. He didn’t answer me.
 “Are you an angel?” he whispered to me. He was a blonde little boy with icy cold blue eyes. How could a repulsive, twisted creature like me be an angel? I asked myself. 
He saw Them- angels. He never understood why. 
“What? No, why?” I questioned.  
“My mum once told me that those who have marks on their wrists are angels.” He murmured in his high-pitched voice. 
I scoffed at the idea. I’m no angel. Angels are supposed to be flawless. 
“Oh, no, sweetie, I’m not an angel. That’s very kind of you to say though,” I muttered while blushing and feeling slightly uncomfortable.
“Don’t be silly, of course you are. My mum said that angels harm themselves because they don’t like life on earth. This world is destroying them so they try to return to heaven again. They are too sensitive to the pain of others and their own.” 
How could such a tiny human being know so much? 
“You know, your mum is very wise,” I said to him as I tried holding back the tears. Once again he started speaking. 
“Thank you. She’s an angel too now, but she returned to her home. Maybe one day she’ll return back to collect me so I can go with her.” He smiled. His mother committed suicide. The poor kid, he was so young, but he already knew so much about sadness. All I could feel was pity for him. 
I was caught up in my own thoughts that I hadn’t even noticed the boy had run over to a small garden and returned with a bunch of light pink flowers in his hand. 
“These are for you,” he announced as his fragile hand reached out and passed me the flowers. 
“Thank you, but why are you giving them to me?” I asked him. 
“My mum also told me to give flowers to those who I think are beautiful. I think you’re beautiful.”
At that point I was willing to take him home; wanting to nurture him. 
“Thank you, that’s the nicest thing anyone has said to me.” I crouched down to his height to give him a cuddle and a peck on the cheek. 
“Can you promise me something?” he mumbled, as his cheeks started to glow a light peachy pink. 
“Uh, sure,” I replied hesitantly. 
“Will you please stop hurting yourself, or at least try for me? I don’t want to see another pretty angel die.” 
The little boy reached out, and wiped away the tears that had fallen from my eyes. I smiled at him.

*Flashback end*

Since that day, every week, for the last four years we would meet up in the same park and talk about our life problems. That little boy was my best friend if I had to put a label on it. He was my angel, the one who lighted up my pathway in my dark days. In the last year, I saw this child go through drastic changes, who was once the innocent child that introduced light into my life. Each week I noticed more and more bruises, gradually growing in size. His face started to whiten and his usual pink lips turned pale. It was obvious that his inner demons were starting to show. On the last week, he finally let his bottled up pain out, his tears started to shatter from his blue orbs. He told me he couldn’t take it anymore, that it was just too much for him. He admitted his father abuses him. I knew that the bright kid that I meet years ago no longer existed. The last words I said to him that day were, “The marks humans leave are too often scars.” ? John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
I carried something with me the when I went to the usual meet-up spot the next week- one of the flowers he had given me years ago. I had pressed it inside one of my favorite books, “The Catcher in the Rye.” I wanted to give it to him to show how not all angels had to die. That he still had hope. He wasn’t there when I arrived; instead a letter with my name on it sat on the chair in his place. I ripped it open immediately.

Dear Lexi,
Have you ever read The Catcher in the Rye? 

“Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do is, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.” 
? J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye.

You were the only one there for me when I fell. But sadly, I can no longer cope with the pain I hold inside me. The abuse from my father, the constant yelling, the constant name-callings at school, everything. I can’t do this anymore. Nothing motivates me anymore. I am unable to speak my feelings with anyone but you. I feel empty. The only days I’ve looked forward to were our weekly meetings. You are the reason I held on for so long, but my inner demons have taken over me. I’m sorry. If I had to say I had a love of my life I would chose you. You are so very beautiful and I felt like I could be myself around you. I felt like you understood me. You were my only happiness for years. Thank you for not hurting yourself anymore. Over the years I have seen you blossom and it makes me so very happy. My mother has come and collected me to return home to heaven.

Thank you for everything,
I love you so much,
Sammy 

“You were just an angel with broken wings that could not be fixed.” 

He was gone. The child that held my happiness was gone and never coming back. I found myself in the exact position I was four years ago, before I had met him. My angel. 
