This story is inspired by Wong Fu Productions from their video ‘Left in Shing Wong’.

Today, the spirit tree told me their secret.
~
I sat down beside the tree. The old spirit tree, so old and so many memories must have been created here. I had a book in one hand and a pen in the other, I was writing an essay. I thought about all the things; weather and everything this very tree must have been through but it still blooms beautifully.
I took a break from my notebook and just enjoyed the view on this small hill. The city on the other side of the river is so busy, crowed and polluted. Everyday more and more people fuss about work and forget what it is like to not have a schedule or to relax and take a break. 
Soft footsteps from behind slowly approached. I looked at her in the flowing, soft green dress, below the knee that she wore.
She was collecting something from the leaves, slowly and peacefully. It was something small - like a marble. It glowed as she put in the jar with the rest.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
She was startled and I apologised. 
“Oh sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt you.”
“It’s okay; I’m just not usually seen or noticed”
She stood there with her short hair that stopped at her shoulders, strands of hair behind her ear and a block fringe.
“I just couldn’t help but to notice you”
 She gently grinned.
I asked what she was doing. What are those marble shaped things and why was she collecting them? She said I wouldn’t believe her. 
“Do you know or understand, ‘the stream of consciousness?’’ she asked.
“From one thought to the next, something’s bound to be forgotten, and for every person who goes up these steps, I collect all these wondering thoughts and memories that get left behind.”
She sat down next to me against the tree. 
 I sat there admiring her words. Lost thoughts? Collected? I wondered in my own thoughts for a bit. 
“So you’re not real?”
“I’m as real as you want to believe I am” The girl murmured as we stood up. I followed her as she collected more of the ‘lost thoughts’ and ‘lost memories’. 
“These thoughts and memories though… what do you do with them?”
She turned around... Her hair shining from the sunset rays. A small breeze passed by, her hair gently flowing, brushing her shoulder. 
“I will hold them, if I didn’t… they would be lost forever,” she looked down slowly and let out a soft sigh.
My faced filled with confusion trying to figure this all out. So she may or may not be real. She collects memories and thoughts that get lost that just look like marbles that glow. Was this a joke? A prank?  She looks like a regular human, but no… she is different. 
“So… do you keep them forever?” but I just continued.
“When the time is right, I will return them again,” she glanced down into the jar with the light brown strings for the handle, somehow connected to the glass jar.
She looked up. Her eyes … so innocent and beautiful, her eyes were light brown with a dark brown lining around the light brown. 
“You know the feeling when an old thought comes to mind? Well… that’s me.”  I didn’t know how to react to this as confusion filled my eyes. I let her continue… whether she was lying or not. 
“But some thoughts and memories are better to be let go of and when they are, I’m here for them:” 
“That sounds tragic,” my words flowed out without thought.
She turned around and faced forward so that I was looking at her back. She picked something from the green leaves and turned to face me again. We stopped slowly walking.
“It’s just all part of the cycle,” she looked down a little and nodded a little bit, side to side. 
“What kind of cycle?”
She pulled out two thoughts. One was light blue and the other one clear. 
“Sometimes…when one stray thought encounters another lost memory,” she closed her hands with the lost thoughts in them, and gently pressed them together between her hands. She continued to speak.
“It changes into something else entirely” she opens her hand and there… lay one marble somewhere between dark blue and purple.
“A new idea,” 
I whispered to myself, “An inspiration,” 
I guess I whispered a little too loud as I looked at her and she nodded and again with her prize winning gentle smile.  
“I just wish it happened more often, but it’s not that easy, because no one really takes the effort to take a break from the hard working lives everyone is taking… It’s bad… It’s a bad thing because if you don’t ever take a break from something that causes a lot of stress… there comes depression and anxiety… but… it wasn’t always like this.” We walked towards the stump of the tree and sat down again as the sunset decided to give it its best. 
“I still take a break… I like to balance what I do.” I decided to return a soft gentle for once. 
“You’re not like the others,” her eyes relaxed gently giving me a smile. 
“How come I can see you when no one else can?” 
“I don’t know,” she looked down and strands of hair from behind her ear fell.
“But if you can see me, there must be a good reason why” 
“Wesley!”  I heard a voice so familiar, I turned to look but before I could look back the girl… she was gone.  Had I been day dreaming?
“How are you going with your essay?” Cathy asked. 
I looked around once more but she was really gone. There wasn’t anyone else from a distance … and she wouldn’t have been able to walk away that fast… and with no sound. 
“Are you ok?” she touched my shoulder to bring me back to reality.
“Yeah, I’m fine” I replied. 
“Okay…” she smiled unsure whether or not to believe me.
I saw something on the ground, it glowed a dark blue and purple. I picked it up … it was the thing that she held after crushing two memories together. 
“What is that?” Cathy stared interested. 
I held the new idea… staring into it as it glowed and smiled. 
“Its inspiration,” I replied.
“You’re so weird today” Cathy exclaimed.
“I’m going to get a drink, do you want anything?”
“No thanks.” I looked up and smiled.
“Okay…” she walked down the small hill into the distance.
I put the inspiration down as a new idea had come to mind for my essay.
~
Today, the spirit tree told me their secret.




Written by Angela 

